data/nlu.md, before:

## intent:affirm
- yes
- yep
- yeah
- indeed
- that's right
- ok
- great
- right, thank you
- correct
- great choice
- sounds really good
- appreciate that
- yes, please.
- alright
- ok send it.
- yes sure.
- ok, send it.
- that sounds good
- yes. please send it to [this@that.com](email)
- yes, please send it
- yes send it over
- yeah sure thing
- [Mysuru](location)
- sure
- sure, send it
- it's [s@t.com](email)
- yes, sure
- yeah sure
- yes, please
- sure, please do send it
- yes, ok
- yes please
- ok, please do
- yes, send it

## intent:deny
- no
- nope
- nah
- naah
- nada
- that's wrong
- not ok
- don't
- do not
- doesn't
- does not
- sounds really bad
- not
- don't send email
- not really
- no, don;t
- no, don't send
- please don't send me an email
- nothing, that would be it.
- none, it is [only me](people:0)
- that's all.
- that would be it.
- nothing else.
- that would be it, nothing else
- nothing else, bye
- no, not right now.
- no, thanks
- nothing else
- no, not needed
- no thanks
- no, don't need that
- not needed
- no, that would be it
- no, not needed.
- no thanks.
- no need
- nah, nothing else.
- no, I don't want an estimation
- nothing, bye
- no, I don't need it

## intent:thank
- thanks
- Thanks.
- Thank you
- thanks a lot
- Thank you.
- Thanks
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you bot
- thank you buddy
- thank you
- thank you so much.
- thanks, bye.
- thank you.
- tahnk you
- ok, thanks
- thanks.
- thank you so much

## intent:goodbye
- Bye
- Goodbye
- Good bye
- Bubye
- Farewell
- Bye bye
- Have a good one
- Have a great time
- have a good one
- thanks, good bye
- thanks, that would be all
- thank you, bye
- thank you, bye.
- thank you. bye bye
- nothing else is needed. good bye
- thank you so much. good bye now.
- thank you. bye

## intent:greet
- Yo
- Hola
- Hi there
- Hey
- Howdy
- Hey Foodie
- Hello
- Hi
- Good morning
- Good evening
- At your service, sir
- Hey there
- Hello there
- Hello foodie
- How may I help you?
- hi
- hello there
- helo
- hello bot

## intent:restaurant_search
- i'm looking for a place to eat
- I want to grab lunch
- I am searching for a dinner spot
- I am looking for some restaurants in [Delhi](location).
- I am looking for some restaurants in [Bangalore](location)
- show me [chinese](cuisine) restaurants
- show me [chines](cuisine:chinese) restaurants in the [New Delhi](location:Delhi)
- show me a [mexican](cuisine) place in the [centre](location)
- i am looking for an [indian](cuisine) spot called olaolaolaolaolaola
- search for restaurants
- anywhere in the [west](location)
- I am looking for [asian fusion](cuisine) food
- I am looking a restaurant in [294328](location)
- in [Gurgaon](location)
- [South Indian](cuisine)
- [North Indian](cuisine)
- [Italian](cuisine)
- [Chinese](cuisine:chinese)
- [chinese](cuisine)
- [Lithuania](location)
- Oh, sorry, in [Italy](location)
- in [delhi](location)
- I am looking for some restaurants in [Mumbai](location)
- I am looking for [mexican indian fusion](cuisine)
- can you book a table in [rome](location) in a [moderate](price:mid) price range with [british](cuisine) food for [four](people:4) people
- [central](location) [indian](cuisine) restaurant
- please help me to find restaurants in [pune](location)
- Please find me a restaurantin [bangalore](location)
- [mumbai](location)
- show me restaurants
- please find me [chinese](cuisine) restaurant in [delhi](location)
- can you find me a [chinese](cuisine) restaurant
- [delhi](location)
- please find me a restaurant in [ahmedabad](location)
- please show me a few [italian](cuisine) restaurants in [bangalore](location)
- search me some restaurants
- search in [delhi](location)
- I need a to book a restaurant
- search in [Chennai](location)
- I am hungry and looking for places to eat in [Pune](location)
- find me some place to eat
- get me something in [agra](location)
- search me a place to eat tonight
- Find me something in [shimla](location)
- [Afghan](cuisine)
- [Low](price:low)
- [Moderate](price:mid)
- [High](price:high)
- find me a place to eat
- [Lucknow](location)
- get me a restaurant with price range [<300](price:low)
- [warangal](location)
- find me a restaurant
- I'm in [Nagpur](location).
- [Andhra](cuisine)
- [>700](price:high)
- get me a [low end](price:low) restaurant
- [Sangli](location)
- I'd like to have [Asian](cuisine)
- find me a restaurant in [Agra](location)
- I'd like to eat [Arabian](cuisine)
- hi, get me a restaurant in [Ajmer](location).
- [Awadhi](cuisine) seems good for tonight.
- [<300](price:low)
- search me a good restaurant for [6 people](people)
- I'd like to get a restaurant in [aligarh](location)
- [I'd](cuisine:BBQ) like to have BBQ
- [I'd like](price:high) a high end restaurant
- find me a [bakery](cuisine)
- please find in [Aligarh](location)
- find me a good restaurant for [7 people](people)
- [Amravati](location)
- [Bengali](cuisine)
- find me a restaurant to eat [Burger](cuisine)
- in [Belgaum](location)
- [3 people](people)
- hello, I want to eat a [burger](cuisine)
- [Nellor](location)
- just [1](people)
- hi there, could you please find me a restaurant
- [Hamirpur](location)
- [9 people](people)
- [Desserts](cuisine)
- hi, find me a [cafe](cuisine) please
- [Jammu](location)
- [3 persons](people)
- [Ahmedabad](location)
- [Bangalore](location)
- [Chennai](location)
- [Delhi](location)
- [Hyderabad](location)
- [Kolkata](location)
- [Mumbai](location)
- [Pune](location)
- [Agra](location)
- [Ajmer](location)
- [Aligarh](location)
- [Amritsar](location)
- [Asansol](location)
- [Aurangabad](location)
- [Bareilly](location)
- [Belgaum](location)
- [Bhavnagar](location)
- [Bhiwandi](location)
- [Bhopal](location)
- [Bhubaneswar](location)
- [Bikaner](location)
- [Bilaspur](location)
- [Bokaro Steel City](location)
- [Chandigarh](location)
- [Coimbatore](location)
- [Cuttack](location)
- [Dehradun](location)
- [Dhanbad](location)
- [Bhilai](location)
- [Durgapur](location)
- [Erode](location)
- [Faridabad](location)
- [Firozabad](location)
- [Ghaziabad](location)
- [Gorakhpur](location)
- [Gulbarga](location)
- [Guntur](location)
- [Gwalior](location)
- [Gurgaon](location)
- [Guwahati](location)
- [Hubli–Dharwad](location)
- [Indore](location)
- [Jabalpur](location)
- [Jaipur](location)
- [Jalandhar](location)
- [Jamnagar](location)
- [Jamshedpur](location)
- [Jhansi](location)
- [Jodhpur](location)
- [Kakinada](location)
- [Kannur](location)
- [Kanpur](location)
- [Kochi](location)
- [Kolhapur](location)
- [Kollam](location)
- [Kozhikode](location)
- [Kurnool](location)
- [Ludhiana](location)
- [Madurai](location)
- [Malappuram](location)
- [Mathura](location)
- [Goa](location)
- [Mangalore](location)
- [Meerut](location)
- [Moradabad](location)
- [Mysore](location)
- [Nagpur](location)
- [Nanded](location)
- [Nashik](location)
- [Nellore](location)
- [Noida](location)
- [Patna](location)
- [Pondicherry](location)
- [Purulia Prayagraj](location)
- [Raipur](location)
- [Rajkot](location)
- [Rajahmundry](location)
- [Ranchi](location)
- [Rourkela](location)
- [Salem](location)
- [Shimla](location)
- [Siliguri](location)
- [Solapur](location)
- [Srinagar](location)
- [Surat](location)
- [Thiruvananthapuram](location)
- [Thrissur](location)
- [Tiruchirappalli](location)
- [Tiruppur](location)
- [Ujjain](location)
- [Bijapur](location)
- [Vadodara](location)
- [Varanasi](location)
- [Vasai-Virar City](location)
- [Vijayawada](location)
- [Visakhapatnam](location)
- [Vellore](location)
- find me a restaurant in [Vadodara](location)
- Give me something [arabian](cuisine)
- [8 persons](people)
- get me a restuarant with [Australian](cuisine) food
- I am in [Kannur](location)
- find me a [high end](price:high) restaurant
- we are [5 persons](people)
- get me a list of some restaurants in [Mysore](location)
- get me something [African](cuisine)
- around [10 people](people)
- you can find me some restaurants in [Aligarh](location)
- [Mughlai](cuisine)
- [14 friends](people)
- in [bilaspur](location)
- [19 people](people) are going to join.
- find me a good [high end](price:high) restaurant
- I'm looking at [Bhiwandi](location)
- get me a restaurant for [5 people](people)
- search me a [low end](price:low) [arabian](cuisine) restaurant in [Bhilai](location) for [5 people](people)
- let's eat outside today
- [Kochi](location)
- [low](price) budget
- [5](people)
- [italian](cuisine)
- Let's go out for dinner
- [Coimbatore](location)
- [moderate](price:mid)
- [4](people)
- [South](cuisine:South Indian)
- find me a restaurant in [Rishikesh](location)
- find me a restaurant in [Pune](location)
- I'd like to eat [Biryani](cuisine)
- [4 people](people) would be joining
- Find me a restaurant in [kolkata](location)
- [16 people](people) will be there
- find me a [high end](price:high) restaurant for [5 people](people)
- find in [Italy](location)
- okay, find in [Madras](location:Chennai)
- Do you have [Brazilian](cuisine)
- find me a restaurant in [America](location)
- ok, something in [delhi](location) then
- [12 friends](people) will join me
- find me a restaurant in [New York](location)
- ok, then find something in [Delhi](location)
- [6 people](people)
- get me a [low end](price:low) [australian](cuisine) restaurant in [Australia](location) for [8 people](people)
- okay, search for [Biryani](cuisine) in [Bengaluru](location:bangalore)
- I want a [north indian](cuisine) restaurant in [Delhi](location)
- [20 people](people)
- could you search for some [mexican](cuisine) restaurants in [Belgaum](location)
- [30 friends](people) will be joining the reunion party
- get me a restaurant in [mid range](price:mid) for [9 people](people) which serves [Brazillian](cuisine) food in [Bengaluru](location:bangalore)
- find me a [mid range](price:mid) [italian](cuisine) restaurant in [bangalore](location)
- around [30 people](people) will be joining me in the party
- hi, get me a restaurant please
- I'd like to eat in [Germany](location) today
- ok, how about [australia](location) ?
- hmm.. do you operate in [Agra](location) ?
- [only me](people:0)
- hi, find me [mid range](price:mid) restaurants in [Dharwar](location)
- ok, find in [Chennai](location) then
- I'd like to have [arabian](cuisine)
- could you search some restaurants in [Hubli](location) as well
- ok, how about [Ajmer](location) ?
- [just me](people:0)
- get me a restaurant
- [Mysuru](location:Mysore)
- [5](people)
- find me a [high end](price:high) restaurant in [Bijnor](location)
- ok, in [Trivandrum](location)
- ok, in [trivandrum](location:thiruvananthapuram) then
- find me some restaurants
- [Hubli](location:hubli-dharwad) is the city I am looking for
- in [Dharwad](location:hubli-dharwad)
- hi, help me with a restaurant please
- in [bokaro steel city](location)
- get me a list of places to eat lunch
- in [durg](location)
- in [durg](location:durg-bhilai nagar)
- [Biryani](cuisine)
- [9 friends](people)
- find me a good [cafe](cuisine)
- in [vasai](location:vasai-virar city)
- there would be [12 freinds](people)
- find me a restaurant in [vasai](location:vasai-virar city)
- can you also search for some restaurants in [virar](location:vasai-virar city)
- find me a [bakery](cuisine) in [Lucknow](location)
- yeah, find me some restaurant in [Kozikode](location:kozhikode)
- in [Pune](location)
- get me good places to eat
- in [dharwad](location)
- I would really like to search for some restaurants
- in [guwahti](location:Guwahati)
- [300 to 700](price:mid)
- in [Bhiwandi](location)
- book me a place to eat
- [bhiwandi](location)
- around [8 people](people)
- find me a good restaurant for [6 people](people)
- in [jaisalmer](location)
- ok, in [jalandhar](location) ?
- find me a restaurant in [kanpur](location)
- I want [Biryani](cuisine) for [4 people](people)
- in [ludhiana](location)
- food
- [kalamassery](location)
- [Ernakulam](location)
- [Kakkanad](location)
- [Kochi](location)
- [low](price) budget
- [5 persons](people)
- [Chinese](cuisine:chinese)
- I am looking for a restaurant in [Kannur](location)
- [>=700](price:high)
- ok, can you find another restaurant
- around [15 people](people) will join me
- find me a good restaurant
- in [Kanpur](location), a [chinese](cuisine) restaurant please.
- around [4 friends](people)
- hello, find me a good [Italian](cuisine) restaurant
- in [Chandigarh](location)
- find me a restaurant in [Amritsar](location)
- around [9 people](people)
- please find me a [Italian](cuisine) restaurant
- in [Bangalore](location:bangalore)
- search me a restaurant for [7 people](people)
- find one in [amravati](location)
- search me a [bakery](cuisine)
- in [Aligarh](location)
- get me a restaurant for [6 people](people)
- in [aligarh](location)
- [BBQ](cuisine)
- ok, could you search for another cuisine ?
- hello, find me a restaurant in [ajmer](location)
- i would like to eat [Biryani](cuisine)
- search me a restaurant in [agra](location)
- I want to eat [arabian](cuisine)
- I will be having a group of [4](people)
- find me an [awadhi](cuisine) restaurant in [Ajmer](location) with [low pricing](price:low)
- [South Indian](cuisine)

## intent:send_email
- [a.t@gmail.com](email)
- [apz@reddit.com](email)
- [someone@gmail.com](email)
- ofcourse, it is [qwerty@poiu.com](email)
- yes, send it to [adt@gmail.com](email)
- my email is [chopper@hotmail.com](email)
- My email would be [huejazz@something.com](email)
- please mail me at [popo@xyz.com](email)
- [popup@somnewemail.com](email)
- yes, send it to [someone@mailbox.com](email)
- yes, it is [new_email@gmail.com](email)
- [myemail01.new@gmail.com](email)
- yeah sure, my email ID is [some12_.thing@someotherthing.com](email)
- yes send it to [someemail123@sommailbox.com](email)
- sure, it is [hithere@gothere.com](email)
- [yin@yang.com](email)
- [vivek@vivek.com](email)
- yes sure, send it to [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- yes send it to [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- my email is [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- yes, send it to [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- sure, send it to [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- it is [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- yes, send it over to [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email) is my email
- at [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- yes, send me that email
- [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)

## intent:unknown
- r@
- top@a
- fa s
- blah blah
- chik
- sd adaf
- get me a taxi
- book a plumber
- book me a television
- find me a taci please
- find me a rental bike

## intent:estimate_calculation
- [a-zA-Z ]*[\d]+[a-zA-Z ]*
- [\d]+
- [3](people)
- [7](people)
- [8](people)
- [12](people)
- yes, please make a meal estimation
- can you please estimate my meal budget
- around [10 people](people) would be joining me
- ok, can you also please estimate the meal price
- could you also estimate the price for this meal
- yes, please estimate the cost as well
- me and my family of [3](people)
- ok, could you also estimate the price
- around [5 people](people)
- calculate the estimate that you were talking about
- could you calculate that estimate
- around [8](people)

## synonym:0
- only me
- just me
- no one
- no one else
- none

## synonym:4
- four

## synonym:BBQ
- I'd

## synonym:Chennai
- Madras

## synonym:Delhi
- New Delhi

## synonym:Guwahati
- guwahti

## synonym:Mysore
- Mysuru

## synonym:South Indian
- South

## synonym:bangalore
- Bengaluru
- Bangalore

## synonym:chinese
- chines
- Chinese
- Chines

## synonym:durg-bhilai nagar
- durg
- bhillai
- bhilai

## synonym:high
- High
- >700
- I'd like
- high end
- >=700
- 1000

## synonym:hubli-dharwad
- Hubli
- Dharwad

## synonym:kozhikode
- Kozikode

## synonym:low
- Low
- <300
- low end

## synonym:mid
- moderate
- Moderate
- mid range
- 300 to 700
- 300 - 700
- 300-700

## synonym:thiruvananthapuram
- trivandrum

## synonym:vasai-virar city
- vasai
- virar

## regex:greet
- hey[^\s]*

## regex:send_email
- [^\s]*[a-zA-Z0-9_.+-]+@[a-zA-Z0-9-]+\.[a-zA-Z0-9-.]+[^\s]*

Commit message:

Training session #1 Fixed action_verify_budget unused exception catch.

data/nlu.md, after:

## intent:affirm
- yes
- yep
- yeah
- indeed
- that's right
- ok
- great
- right, thank you
- correct
- great choice
- sounds really good
- appreciate that
- yes, please.
- alright
- ok send it.
- yes sure.
- ok, send it.
- that sounds good
- yes. please send it to [this@that.com](email)
- yes, please send it
- yes send it over
- yeah sure thing
- [Mysuru](location)
- sure
- sure, send it
- it's [s@t.com](email)
- yes, sure
- yeah sure
- yes, please
- sure, please do send it
- yes, ok
- yes please
- ok, please do
- yes, send it
- do send me an email

## intent:deny
- no
- nope
- nah
- naah
- nada
- that's wrong
- not ok
- don't
- do not
- doesn't
- does not
- sounds really bad
- not
- don't send email
- not really
- no, don;t
- no, don't send
- please don't send me an email
- nothing, that would be it.
- none, it is [only me](people:0)
- that's all.
- that would be it.
- nothing else.
- that would be it, nothing else
- nothing else, bye
- no, not right now.
- no, thanks
- nothing else
- no, not needed
- no thanks
- no, don't need that
- not needed
- no, that would be it
- no, not needed.
- no thanks.
- no need
- nah, nothing else.
- no, I don't want an estimation
- nothing, bye
- no, I don't need it
- no. thank you

## intent:thank
- thanks
- Thanks.
- Thank you
- thanks a lot
- Thank you.
- Thanks
- Thank you so much.
- Thank you bot
- thank you buddy
- thank you
- thank you so much.
- thanks, bye.
- thank you.
- tahnk you
- ok, thanks
- thanks.
- thank you so much

## intent:goodbye
- Bye
- Goodbye
- Good bye
- Bubye
- Farewell
- Bye bye
- Have a good one
- Have a great time
- have a good one
- thanks, good bye
- thanks, that would be all
- thank you, bye
- thank you, bye.
- thank you. bye bye
- nothing else is needed. good bye
- thank you so much. good bye now.
- thank you. bye

## intent:greet
- Yo
- Hola
- Hi there
- Hey
- Howdy
- Hey Foodie
- Hello
- Hi
- Good morning
- Good evening
- At your service, sir
- Hey there
- Hello there
- Hello foodie
- How may I help you?
- hi
- hello there
- helo
- hello bot

## intent:restaurant_search
- i'm looking for a place to eat
- I want to grab lunch
- I am searching for a dinner spot
- I am looking for some restaurants in [Delhi](location).
- I am looking for some restaurants in [Bangalore](location)
- show me [chinese](cuisine) restaurants
- show me [chines](cuisine:chinese) restaurants in the [New Delhi](location:Delhi)
- show me a [mexican](cuisine) place in the [centre](location)
- i am looking for an [indian](cuisine) spot called olaolaolaolaolaola
- search for restaurants
- anywhere in the [west](location)
- I am looking for [asian fusion](cuisine) food
- I am looking a restaurant in [294328](location)
- in [Gurgaon](location)
- [South Indian](cuisine)
- [North Indian](cuisine)
- [Italian](cuisine)
- [Chinese](cuisine:chinese)
- [chinese](cuisine)
- [Lithuania](location)
- Oh, sorry, in [Italy](location)
- in [delhi](location)
- I am looking for some restaurants in [Mumbai](location)
- I am looking for [mexican indian fusion](cuisine)
- can you book a table in [rome](location) in a [moderate](price:mid) price range with [british](cuisine) food for [four](people:4) people
- [central](location) [indian](cuisine) restaurant
- please help me to find restaurants in [pune](location)
- Please find me a restaurantin [bangalore](location)
- [mumbai](location)
- show me restaurants
- please find me [chinese](cuisine) restaurant in [delhi](location)
- can you find me a [chinese](cuisine) restaurant
- [delhi](location)
- please find me a restaurant in [ahmedabad](location)
- please show me a few [italian](cuisine) restaurants in [bangalore](location)
- search me some restaurants
- search in [delhi](location)
- I need a to book a restaurant
- search in [Chennai](location)
- I am hungry and looking for places to eat in [Pune](location)
- find me some place to eat
- get me something in [agra](location)
- search me a place to eat tonight
- Find me something in [shimla](location)
- [Afghan](cuisine)
- [Low](price:low)
- [Moderate](price:mid)
- [High](price:high)
- find me a place to eat
- [Lucknow](location)
- get me a restaurant with price range [<300](price:low)
- [warangal](location)
- find me a restaurant
- I'm in [Nagpur](location).
- [Andhra](cuisine)
- [>700](price:high)
- get me a [low end](price:low) restaurant
- [Sangli](location)
- I'd like to have [Asian](cuisine)
- find me a restaurant in [Agra](location)
- I'd like to eat [Arabian](cuisine)
- hi, get me a restaurant in [Ajmer](location).
- [Awadhi](cuisine) seems good for tonight.
- [<300](price:low)
- search me a good restaurant for [6 people](people)
- I'd like to get a restaurant in [aligarh](location)
- [I'd](cuisine:BBQ) like to have BBQ
- [I'd like](price:high) a high end restaurant
- find me a [bakery](cuisine)
- please find in [Aligarh](location)
- find me a good restaurant for [7 people](people)
- [Amravati](location)
- [Bengali](cuisine)
- find me a restaurant to eat [Burger](cuisine)
- in [Belgaum](location)
- [3 people](people)
- hello, I want to eat a [burger](cuisine)
- [Nellor](location)
- just [1](people)
- hi there, could you please find me a restaurant
- [Hamirpur](location)
- [9 people](people)
- [Desserts](cuisine)
- hi, find me a [cafe](cuisine) please
- [Jammu](location)
- [3 persons](people)
- [Ahmedabad](location)
- [Bangalore](location)
- [Chennai](location)
- [Delhi](location)
- [Hyderabad](location)
- [Kolkata](location)
- [Mumbai](location)
- [Pune](location)
- [Agra](location)
- [Ajmer](location)
- [Aligarh](location)
- [Amritsar](location)
- [Asansol](location)
- [Aurangabad](location)
- [Bareilly](location)
- [Belgaum](location)
- [Bhavnagar](location)
- [Bhiwandi](location)
- [Bhopal](location)
- [Bhubaneswar](location)
- [Bikaner](location)
- [Bilaspur](location)
- [Bokaro Steel City](location)
- [Chandigarh](location)
- [Coimbatore](location)
- [Cuttack](location)
- [Dehradun](location)
- [Dhanbad](location)
- [Bhilai](location)
- [Durgapur](location)
- [Erode](location)
- [Faridabad](location)
- [Firozabad](location)
- [Ghaziabad](location)
- [Gorakhpur](location)
- [Gulbarga](location)
- [Guntur](location)
- [Gwalior](location)
- [Gurgaon](location)
- [Guwahati](location)
- [Hubli–Dharwad](location)
- [Indore](location)
- [Jabalpur](location)
- [Jaipur](location)
- [Jalandhar](location)
- [Jamnagar](location)
- [Jamshedpur](location)
- [Jhansi](location)
- [Jodhpur](location)
- [Kakinada](location)
- [Kannur](location)
- [Kanpur](location)
- [Kochi](location)
- [Kolhapur](location)
- [Kollam](location)
- [Kozhikode](location)
- [Kurnool](location)
- [Ludhiana](location)
- [Madurai](location)
- [Malappuram](location)
- [Mathura](location)
- [Goa](location)
- [Mangalore](location)
- [Meerut](location)
- [Moradabad](location)
- [Mysore](location)
- [Nagpur](location)
- [Nanded](location)
- [Nashik](location)
- [Nellore](location)
- [Noida](location)
- [Patna](location)
- [Pondicherry](location)
- [Purulia Prayagraj](location)
- [Raipur](location)
- [Rajkot](location)
- [Rajahmundry](location)
- [Ranchi](location)
- [Rourkela](location)
- [Salem](location)
- [Shimla](location)
- [Siliguri](location)
- [Solapur](location)
- [Srinagar](location)
- [Surat](location)
- [Thiruvananthapuram](location)
- [Thrissur](location)
- [Tiruchirappalli](location)
- [Tiruppur](location)
- [Ujjain](location)
- [Bijapur](location)
- [Vadodara](location)
- [Varanasi](location)
- [Vasai-Virar City](location)
- [Vijayawada](location)
- [Visakhapatnam](location)
- [Vellore](location)
- find me a restaurant in [Vadodara](location)
- Give me something [arabian](cuisine)
- [8 persons](people)
- get me a restuarant with [Australian](cuisine) food
- I am in [Kannur](location)
- find me a [high end](price:high) restaurant
- we are [5 persons](people)
- get me a list of some restaurants in [Mysore](location)
- get me something [African](cuisine)
- around [10 people](people)
- you can find me some restaurants in [Aligarh](location)
- [Mughlai](cuisine)
- [14 friends](people)
- in [bilaspur](location)
- [19 people](people) are going to join.
- find me a good [high end](price:high) restaurant
- I'm looking at [Bhiwandi](location)
- get me a restaurant for [5 people](people)
- search me a [low end](price:low) [arabian](cuisine) restaurant in [Bhilai](location) for [5 people](people)
- let's eat outside today
- [Kochi](location)
- [low](price) budget
- [5](people)
- [italian](cuisine)
- Let's go out for dinner
- [Coimbatore](location)
- [moderate](price:mid)
- [4](people)
- [South](cuisine:South Indian)
- find me a restaurant in [Rishikesh](location)
- find me a restaurant in [Pune](location)
- I'd like to eat [Biryani](cuisine)
- [4 people](people) would be joining
- Find me a restaurant in [kolkata](location)
- [16 people](people) will be there
- find me a [high end](price:high) restaurant for [5 people](people)
- find in [Italy](location)
- okay, find in [Madras](location:Chennai)
- Do you have [Brazilian](cuisine)
- find me a restaurant in [America](location)
- ok, something in [delhi](location) then
- [12 friends](people) will join me
- find me a restaurant in [New York](location)
- ok, then find something in [Delhi](location)
- [6 people](people)
- get me a [low end](price:low) [australian](cuisine) restaurant in [Australia](location) for [8 people](people)
- okay, search for [Biryani](cuisine) in [Bengaluru](location:bangalore)
- I want a [north indian](cuisine) restaurant in [Delhi](location)
- [20 people](people)
- could you search for some [mexican](cuisine) restaurants in [Belgaum](location)
- [30 friends](people) will be joining the reunion party
- get me a restaurant in [mid range](price:mid) for [9 people](people) which serves [Brazillian](cuisine) food in [Bengaluru](location:bangalore)
- find me a [mid range](price:mid) [italian](cuisine) restaurant in [bangalore](location)
- around [30 people](people) will be joining me in the party
- hi, get me a restaurant please
- I'd like to eat in [Germany](location) today
- ok, how about [australia](location) ?
- hmm.. do you operate in [Agra](location) ?
- [only me](people:0)
- hi, find me [mid range](price:mid) restaurants in [Dharwar](location)
- ok, find in [Chennai](location) then
- I'd like to have [arabian](cuisine)
- could you search some restaurants in [Hubli](location) as well
- ok, how about [Ajmer](location) ?
- [just me](people:0)
- get me a restaurant
- [Mysuru](location:Mysore)
- [5](people)
- find me a [high end](price:high) restaurant in [Bijnor](location)
- ok, in [Trivandrum](location)
- ok, in [trivandrum](location:thiruvananthapuram) then
- find me some restaurants
- [Hubli](location:hubli-dharwad) is the city I am looking for
- in [Dharwad](location:hubli-dharwad)
- hi, help me with a restaurant please
- in [bokaro steel city](location)
- get me a list of places to eat lunch
- in [durg](location)
- in [durg](location:durg-bhilai nagar)
- [Biryani](cuisine)
- [9 friends](people)
- find me a good [cafe](cuisine)
- in [vasai](location:vasai-virar city)
- there would be [12 freinds](people)
- find me a restaurant in [vasai](location:vasai-virar city)
- can you also search for some restaurants in [virar](location:vasai-virar city)
- find me a [bakery](cuisine) in [Lucknow](location)
- yeah, find me some restaurant in [Kozikode](location:kozhikode)
- in [Pune](location)
- get me good places to eat
- in [dharwad](location)
- I would really like to search for some restaurants
- in [guwahti](location:Guwahati)
- [300 to 700](price:mid)
- in [Bhiwandi](location)
- book me a place to eat
- [bhiwandi](location)
- around [8 people](people)
- find me a good restaurant for [6 people](people)
- in [jaisalmer](location)
- ok, in [jalandhar](location) ?
- find me a restaurant in [kanpur](location)
- I want [Biryani](cuisine) for [4 people](people)
- in [ludhiana](location)
- food
- [kalamassery](location)
- [Ernakulam](location)
- [Kakkanad](location)
- [Kochi](location)
- [low](price) budget
- [5 persons](people)
- [Chinese](cuisine:chinese)
- I am looking for a restaurant in [Kannur](location)
- [>=700](price:high)
- ok, can you find another restaurant
- around [15 people](people) will join me
- find me a good restaurant
- in [Kanpur](location), a [chinese](cuisine) restaurant please.
- around [4 friends](people)
- hello, find me a good [Italian](cuisine) restaurant
- in [Chandigarh](location)
- find me a restaurant in [Amritsar](location)
- around [9 people](people)
- please find me a [Italian](cuisine) restaurant
- in [Bangalore](location:bangalore)
- search me a restaurant for [7 people](people)
- find one in [amravati](location)
- search me a [bakery](cuisine)
- in [Aligarh](location)
- get me a restaurant for [6 people](people)
- in [aligarh](location)
- [BBQ](cuisine)
- ok, could you search for another cuisine ?
- hello, find me a restaurant in [ajmer](location)
- i would like to eat [Biryani](cuisine)
- search me a restaurant in [agra](location)
- I want to eat [arabian](cuisine)
- I will be having a group of [4](people)
- find me an [awadhi](cuisine) restaurant in [Ajmer](location) with [low pricing](price:low)
- [South Indian](cuisine)
- I want to eat [chinese](cuisine) on a [low budget](price:low) today
- [Palakkad](location)

## intent:send_email
- [a.t@gmail.com](email)
- [apz@reddit.com](email)
- [someone@gmail.com](email)
- ofcourse, it is [qwerty@poiu.com](email)
- yes, send it to [adt@gmail.com](email)
- my email is [chopper@hotmail.com](email)
- My email would be [huejazz@something.com](email)
- please mail me at [popo@xyz.com](email)
- [popup@somnewemail.com](email)
- yes, send it to [someone@mailbox.com](email)
- yes, it is [new_email@gmail.com](email)
- [myemail01.new@gmail.com](email)
- yeah sure, my email ID is [some12_.thing@someotherthing.com](email)
- yes send it to [someemail123@sommailbox.com](email)
- sure, it is [hithere@gothere.com](email)
- [yin@yang.com](email)
- [vivek@vivek.com](email)
- yes sure, send it to [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- yes send it to [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- my email is [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- yes, send it to [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- sure, send it to [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- it is [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- yes, send it over to [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email) is my email
- at [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- yes, send me that email
- [anshuman01.tripathi@gmail.com](email)
- [vivekav.96@gmail.com](email)

## intent:unknown
- r@
- top@a
- fa s
- blah blah
- chik
- sd adaf
- get me a taxi
- book a plumber
- book me a television
- find me a taci please
- find me a rental bike

## intent:estimate_calculation
- [a-zA-Z ]*[\d]+[a-zA-Z ]*
- [\d]+
- [3](people)
- [7](people)
- [8](people)
- [12](people)
- yes, please make a meal estimation
- can you please estimate my meal budget
- around [10 people](people) would be joining me
- ok, can you also please estimate the meal price
- could you also estimate the price for this meal
- yes, please estimate the cost as well
- me and my family of [3](people)
- ok, could you also estimate the price
- around [5 people](people)
- calculate the estimate that you were talking about
- could you calculate that estimate
- around [8](people)

## synonym:0
- only me
- just me
- no one
- no one else
- none

## synonym:4
- four

## synonym:BBQ
- I'd

## synonym:Chennai
- Madras

## synonym:Delhi
- New Delhi

## synonym:Guwahati
- guwahti

## synonym:Mysore
- Mysuru

## synonym:South Indian
- South

## synonym:bangalore
- Bengaluru
- Bangalore

## synonym:chinese
- chines
- Chinese
- Chines

## synonym:durg-bhilai nagar
- durg
- bhillai
- bhilai

## synonym:high
- High
- >700
- I'd like
- high end
- >=700
- 1000

## synonym:hubli-dharwad
- Hubli
- Dharwad

## synonym:kozhikode
- Kozikode

## synonym:low
- Low
- <300
- low end
- low pricing

## synonym:mid
- moderate
- Moderate
- mid range
- 300 to 700
- 300 - 700
- 300-700

## synonym:thiruvananthapuram
- trivandrum

## synonym:vasai-virar city
- vasai
- virar

## regex:greet
- hey[^\s]*

## regex:send_email
- [^\s]*[a-zA-Z0-9_.+-]+@[a-zA-Z0-9-]+\.[a-zA-Z0-9-.]+[^\s]*
